Specification

What details did you need to decide before asking the LLM for code?
I needed to decide how the board would be represented (i.e. Immutable Flat Tuple), blank representation (the little axe symbol), A* tie-breaking, text boards, invalid moves responses, completion responses, and other features I included like username and difficulties.

Which part of your original specification was most ambiguous?
I think the most ambiguous portion I had was tie-breaking because I did not conceptually understand what tie-breaking even was in this context. This is where I had ChatGPT walk me though possible solutions and what it would look like.

BFS

Why does BFS find a minimum-move solution for this puzzle?
BFS helps with searching in regards to move counting. Each move costs 1, and BFS helps at finding the most minimal cost in that regard.

How did you verify that BFS was not revisiting the same states repeatedly?
using my pytests I was able to, with ChatGPTs help, eliminate repeated states being labeled as visited. When it has been labeled as visited it should not be explored again.

A*

What does g(n) represent in your A* implementation?
This is the number of moves made so far.

What does h(n) represent in your A* implementation?
This is the distance to the goal (completion). This is where misplaced and Manhattan was used due to distance from goal state.

How did you verify that A* returned a valid move sequence, not just a plausible-looking one?
My test applied the moves to the starting board, not simply going through a pattern notionally. This ensured that the sequence was actually reachable and not a random pattern or likelihood.

Heuristics

Which heuristic expanded fewer states: misplaced tiles or Manhattan distance?
Misplaced had 8 expanded states, while Manhattan had 6. So Manhattan had less.

Why do you think that happened?
Misplaced only tells you if a tile is wrong--this doesn't capture how wrong--meaning more states. Manhattan tells you how far, or how wrong, which eliminates some of these states as they are not needed.

Verification

How did you test an unsolvable board?
With ChatGPTs guidance, I swapped 7 with 8--this created the unsolvable board. Program then returned unsolvable as desired.

Validation And Assurance

What claim can you make about your solver's reliability?
I can only claim my solver's reliability in regards to the 3x3 puzzle as that is what I had specified it for. I can claim that I created tests to confirm solved boards, one-move boards, multi-move boards, invalid inputs, and unsolvable inputs. This is not all encompassing, and I can't/won't claim that. I would claim that this is a functional starting position for reliability however.

What evidence supports that claim?
My test were aimed at explicitly replaying move sets to confirm that they reach their goals on the board and not in some theoretical black box.

What boards or conditions are outside your evidence?
I did not test 4x4 or 5x5 boards, I would claim these as outside of my evidence. Additionally, there are likely unexplored states--due to my lack of knowledge on puzzle sliders--that I may not be accounting for.

What residual risk remains in your implementation?
The largest risk that would be 3x3 states I had no knowledge of and did not account for.

What additional test would most increase your confidence?
I could throw in a test that checks 3x3 boards in large batches, maybe even hundreds at a time, to check for starting states that I had not accounted for. I could also incorporate test that go through every single possible input user may have at every user input point to see where the program fails.

