This is the document for my reflection.

What did you ask the LLM to do?

I approached this assignment primarily through the use of ChatGPT and Codex agential functions. I first instructed ChatGPT to not simply start building this assignment but to read the assignments criteria and separate specifications it would need from myself into UI, system, and outcome based needs. The goal of this was to uncover the vague or ambiguous points of this assignment and find where I as the human creator would need/or should give direct input. I wanted to retain my ability to create and put my personal touch onto this project--but I also understood that I may not intuitively know where these points are. From there I made to re-affirm critical components such as 3x3 sliding puzzle with 8 tiles, required algorithms (BFS, A* with misplaced, A* with Manhattan distance), a returned move sequence, and how invalid or unsolvable states must be handled. I instructed ChatGPT to leave certain items to my decision like board representation, blank space style, response outputs (winning, invalid moves, etc...). I may have started to ambitiously as I did not simply want to create a text solver, but I rather instructed it to create a FastAPI based solver that I could then push to GitHub and to Render to deploy a web-service. This does in fact work and meets the graded requirement specifications; however, I later decided to create an additional text based solver to more properly encompass the goals of this project. I wanted there to be three modes==Easy (3x3), Medium (4x4), and Hard (5x5). I wanted 3x3 to be the primary target for grading purposes. Going along the FastAPI route I instructed browser GUI creation, large central puzzle, persistent side bar with rotating fun facts, colors for the UI (black, grey, shades of purple), drag interactions, move counter and timer, username, completion tracking, invalid move animations and sounds, winning move animations and sounds. I then, after deciding all of my specifications, instructed ChatGPT to break this into sizable codex prompts to input into my codex system. I specified that I wanted multiple detailed prompts rather than large ones as Codex tends to compact context and skip key parts of requirements when given too many things to do at once. I then would copy and paste these as patches into codex, which functions very similarly to the agential codex add-on in VS Code, just with a little more robustness. I chose this system as I am more used to operating with it. From here I had codex build out my system with those prompts, with intermittent manual feedback when I noticed a system was not working. 

When I went back for my second pass to create the text based solver--I used a very similar format--in fact I re-oriented ChatGPT to my constraints, had it list out all of my previously specified desires--then had it apply that to a text based system. From here it gave me 24 codex prompts which I specified it to reduce down, as some of these prompts were redundant and they were just using up too much processing power.

My final instructions for the LLM was to do final sweeps and cleans of both projects and point out if I had met the constraints--which I then manually verified via the terminal in their respective subfolders.

What did the LLM do well?

ChatGPT and Codex were very capable at translating requirements into concrete coding processes--something that I of course struggle with. I can give it phrases like 'report expanded states' or 'handle invalid states' and it understands what it needs to create in python; whereas, if I did this it would take me weeks of reading python how to's to put a program like this together. It also worked really well at integrating my core requirements, given that I stressed them enough and constantly had it doublechecking for their implementations. It chose things like an immutable flat tuple to display the text based solver, something that I conceptually knew but was not completely confident in. It created all of the evidence I needed to support proper implementation of these requirements--and was able to clearly dictate the command prompts I would then need later to manually verify these implementations.

What did the LLM get wrong, leave ambiguous, or fail to justify?

Partially on me, but it went too deep on the web application--which was my idea--instead of stopping me at a simple text solver. It seemed to work to well in actioning my creative side--then making it harder later to document that tangibles I needed for the assignment. I overcame this by simply re-writing the package and including the text based solver as a sister package. This was unneeded of course if I had simply done the text solver first. Additionally when I was first creating this assignment it placed all of the user based requests as blanks and holds, stopping Codex from even making the assignment even though I had given my input previously. It did not properly incorporate my input until I specifically pointed out that it was halting the project by placing false stops where I had already given answers. Finally, the files seem redundant in some aspects as it chose to document every facet of what I desired or had stated, even things I had changed later on. This goes more into the space that these files take up--meaning my project is likely over complex and has a lot of unneeded filler--too many redundancies.

What did you change after reviewing its output?

After reviewing the first output of the web based deploy I realized the project was too robust and too difficult of a medium to properly demonstrate graded criteria. I revised this by creating the sister project of the simple text based solver. Also as previously mentioned--on first passes it kept getting caught up at user decision points. I overrode this by pointing it back to where I had already made decisions, alerting the system that it had not incorporated these and was falsely stopping or flagging processes.

How did you verify the final result?

I verified the final result in two manners because I was curious on what the LLM would say versus my manual sweep. I first asked codex to review all the requirements, without changing any code, and tell me if the project had met these requirements. I then confirmed manually via the terminal by running "python 02_python_solver.py" "python 03_verify_solver.py" "python -m unittest discover -v" This allowed me to copy and paste the final outputs into the bottom of my TEST EVIDENCE file to show that not only had I had the LLM review and make sure all requirements passed, but had also done my due diligence as a human QA QC to do so too. Yes its nice to rely on AI, but it is critical to verify completion as a human too due to hallucinations that might come up with the system being overburdened with information. Additionally, I simply played the game a lot--I tried to figure out what happened if i tried to move to invalid spaces, tried all commands, quit the system, etc...

